American Black Widow: The shocking true story of a preacher's wife turned killer (Dangerous Women - True Crime Stories) Kindle Edition|by Gregg Olsen (Author) Format: Kindle Edition|From the #1 New York Times bestselling author of If You Tell comes the chilling, unputdownable story of Sharon Nelson, the minister’s wife whose two husbands mysteriously ended up dead.Colorado, 1976. When Reverend Mike Fuller and his beautiful wife Sharon arrive in the sleepy town of Rocky Ford, local residents think something’s off about the new couple. The God-fearing minister is gruff and cold, while charismatic Sharon has her husband wrapped around her finger.It isn’t long before Sharon is charming her husband’s congregation, and finds herself in a tryst with local, married optometrist Perry Nelson. After the affair ends both their marriages, Sharon and Perry tie the knot. But shortly afterwards, Perry disappears. When his body is shockingly discovered the bottom of a canyon, his death is ruled an accident, allowing grieving widow Sharon to claim his substantial life insurance.Trying to move on from the tragedy, Sharon soon remarries fireman Glenn Harrelson. But when the charred remains of Glenn’s body are discovered with two bullet holes in his skull, the police can’t help but question if both men dying in such mysterious circumstances is one coincidence too many…Shocking, sensational and gripping, this is the true story of the black widow Sharon Nelson, a must-read tale of greed, sex and murder in a sleepy Colorado town that will have true crime fans of The Staircase, American Mother and Making a Murderer hooked from start to finish.This book was originally published as Confessions of an American Black Widow and Bitch on Wheels.Read what everyone is saying about American Black Widow:“Another winner from Gregg Olsen!!! If you really love a great, nail-biting true crime novel, THIS is it!! Once you start, it's darned hard to put down. Seriously. Mr Olsen again takes you on a twisty, narrow road… you just cannot put this book down.” Amazon reviewer, ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐“Gripping… keeps you on the edge of your seat from beginning to end… peppered with shocking revelations, twists, and turns… captivating and spine-chilling.” Goodreads reviewer, ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐“Oh my goodness… I could not put this book down… fabulous.” Goodreads reviewer, ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐“You pick up this book and start to read. Suddenly you realize you cannot stop reading, you need to know what happened next… a page turner… this book deeply affected me and I eat true crime books for breakfast… amazing… one of Gregg Olsen's finest.” Amazon reviewer, ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐“I read this book in one sitting. I couldn't put it down.”Amazon reviewer, ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐“I couldn't put it down. Brilliantly written. I just found my favorite author.” Amazon reviewer, ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐“Olsen is an incredible author. I couldn't put it down. Excellent read!… Bravo!!” Amazon reviewer, ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐“Amazing… WOW! Another winner for Gregg Olsen!” Amazon reviewer, ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐“Amazing… I literally could not put the book down.” Amazon reviewer, ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐“Kept me riveted from the very beginning to the very last page! I strongly recommend this book for any true crime fan.” Amazon reviewer, ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐“I couldn't put the book down. The author made all the characters come alive.” Amazon reviewer, ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐“Once you start you don’t want to stop until you are done.” Goodreads reviewer, ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐“Amazing… a must read.” Amazon reviewer, ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐“Loved the book!… I could not ask for a better read!” Amazon reviewer, ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐“Excellent… kept me on the edge of my seat… You had better hang onto your hat for this read.” Goodreads reviewer, ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐