Freeing Teresa: A True Story about Fighting Ableism Kindle Edition|by Franke James (Author), Teresa Heartchild (Author), Billiam James (Author) Format: Kindle Edition|Freeing Teresa is a true story about an activist who tries to stop her powerful siblings from putting their disabled sister into a nursing home. She fails. And then must rescue her sister.Franke James immediately objected when she heard her siblings’ plan to put their youngest sister, Teresa Heartchild, into a nursing home. “What about Teresa’s human rights?” But Franke was told that Teresa, who has Down syndrome, had lost her right to decide. She had been declared “not capable” by a social worker. The other siblings, now acting as Teresa’s “guardians,” insisted they had all the decision-making power, and they put Teresa into a nursing home. But Teresa didn’t want to be there. So, Franke put a team together and helped Teresa get discharged. That’s when all hell broke loose. And, the two sisters had to stand together—against their siblings, the medical system and the police—to defend Teresa’s right to be free.ADVANCE PRAISE for Freeing Teresa“Gut-wrenching and awe-inspiring. This story will break your heart and then fill it up again.”Catherine McKercher, author of Shut Away“A gripping story about courage, love, and an unshakeable belief in human potential.”Marty Seldman, Ph.D. author of Survival of the Savvy“A courageous, personal account of fighting the system—and family—to free Teresa from forced care.”Alanna Hendren, Executive Director, Developmental Disabilities Assoc.“Full of insight, heartbreak and inspiration. This no-holds-barred story is a must-read for anyone who cares about disability rights.”Karla Verschoor, Executive Director, Inclusion BC“A must-read for anyone who cares about human dignity and equal rights. A truly amazing story.”George Melnyk, Professor Emeritus, Communication, Media and Film, University of Calgary“We chart the prevalence of injustice in numbers, but it’s stories like this that lead us to a deeper understanding of the magnitude of its impact on human lives.”Gabrielle Peters, disabled writer, community activist“Authentic, raw and riveting. It was an emotional rollercoaster—one that will be very real for many disabled people. At its core, it’s about hope for a better life and resilience.”Isabel Mavrides-Calderon @Powerfullyissa, Disability Advocate