GAY MOMENTS: The Story Bundle No 2: Gay First Time Short Stories Kindle Edition|by Kevin Armstrong (Author) Format: Kindle Edition|A hot collection of gay short stories from Kevin Armstrong the author of the Gay Sex Odyssey series.Book One: The Boys of SummerWhilst he is in his final year at Drummond College young Jay Robinson decides that he wants to be a writer. However he quickly discovers that he is more interested in writing about boys than girls. ‘I found that it was very easy to write vivid descriptions of my male characters. Trouble was these details didn’t stop at “dirty blonde hair” or “ice-blue eyes.” I increasingly described their abs, their six-packs, their navels and then down, down along the joy trail until, of course, I arrived at their cocks and balls.’After he graduates Jay decides to journey to the legendary surfers’ town of Margaret River hoping to collect material for his stories. In the Happy Surfies’ Haven where he is staying he meets a beautiful Viennese boy called Sebastian. The boy from Vienna has learned that somewhere on the coast there is a mystical Beach of Dreams where naked boys surf and live an idyllic existence. Jay and Sebastian decide to go on a quest through an enchanted forest to see if they can discover and perhaps join The Boys of Summer.Book Two: The Beach of DreamsSurviving a dangerous trip through the enchanted Boranup Forest Jay and Sebastian come across a seemingly endless beach populated by beautiful naked boys who seem to spend all their days surfing. Have Jay and Sebastian discovered the legendary Beach of Dreams?Many questions arise. How do the Boys of Summer support themselves? Surely they cannot exist on sex, surfing and dreams? Why does their leader Captain Damien (he of the awesome cock) appear so sinister? Jay also wonders if Sebastian will be able to cope with the Boys' rather strange rules. One of them states that whilst it is okay for members of the Boys of Summer to have boyfriends, it is not okay for them to refuse to have sex with other boys. And what is the sinister secret behind Justice Rock?Book Three: My Beautiful BoyfriendShannon’s world at Alston High undergoes radical change with the arrival of new boy Jaimie Ashton. Jaimie is not only cute – he is impossibly beautiful. Of course many of the girls and even some of the sporting hearties can hardly take their eyes off him. Shannon is shocked and amazed when the new boy appears to wink at him in class. “Nah, it must be my fervid imagination” he decides. The wink was probably destined for Doreen Childers who has been playing with herself beneath her desk whilst staring at the boy.The situation becomes more complex when Jaimie approaches the fat boy while he is having his solitary lunch. Suspecting that the new boy is simply being used as bait to lure him into a trap and a bashing, Shannon takes to his heels.Will Shannon, the despised over-weight gay boy succeed in winning a beautiful boyfriend?Why not buy the Bundle and get all three of the Gay Moments stories for less than the price of two?ABOUT THE AUTHOR: Kevin Armstrong has worked extensively in theatre, film and television in Asia and the Land Down Under. He also teaches writing skills in universities and international schools. When he is not travelling he loves to spend time in Malaysia or Myanmar with his Burmese boy.The collection will be of interest to mature gay men, gay boys just starting out, bi - guys and even curious straight men and women.The stories contain scenes of gay sexual action and are not for the faint hearted. All characters involved in sexual relations are above 18 years of age.Approximately 57,000 words.'