GAY MOMENTS: The Story Bundle: Gay 'First Time' Short Stories Kindle Edition|by Kevin Armstrong (Author) Format: Kindle Edition|A hot collection of gay short stories from the author of the Gay Sex Odyssey series1. GAY MOMENTS: My Girlfriend’s BrotherDamon cannot remember a time when he didn't know his 'girlfriend' Sandy. Because they grew up together their parents assumed that one day they would get married. However as he gets older Damon realizes that he's more interested in Sandy's brother Tyler and what he's got hanging between his legs.2. GAY MOMENTS: A Helping HandJason has developed a crush on Glenn Cartwright who seems almost too good to be true. Glenn is a paragon of virtue; a school prefect and Head Boy of Alston High. Jason’s feelings are unrequited and he begins to wonder if his unattainable friend is asexual. Almost giving up on Glenn, Jason begins to experiment with his class mate Max. Together they explore the mysteries of sex including wanking, cock sucking and docking amongst other things. Tragedy strikes out of the blue when Glenn is involved in a serious automobile accident.3. GAY MOMENTS: Boy WorksJust having turned eighteen, young Bryan Cooper has decided to give himself a birthday treat – a visit to the legendary gay sauna, Steam Works. He has heard all about the sauna at school and he invites his friend Steve to go along with him. Although Bryan and Steve have fallen into the habit of sexually experimenting with each other in an abandoned warehouse they don’t see their relationship as being particularly romantic – they are just two mates helping each other out. They realize during one of their steamy sessions in the warehouse that they are being spied upon.Bryan, through an act of heroism, is awarded a gold pass to the Steam Works sauna. Visiting the ‘Suckerama’ facility he becomes obsessed by a beautiful cock that appears through a glory hole.Why not buy the Bundle and get all three of the Gay Moments stories for less than the price of two?Duration: Approximately 55,500 wordsABOUT THE AUTHOR:Kevin Armstrong works in film and television production in Asia and the Land Down Under. When he is not travelling he loves to spend time with his Burmese boy.The Gay Sex Moments Bundle contains passages of gay sexual descriptions. It is not for the faint-hearted. It does not contain any characters involved in sexual relations beneath the age of 18.