GAY MOMENTS: The Story Bundle No 4: Gay First Time Stories Kindle Edition|by Kevin Armstrong (Author) Format: Kindle Edition|Three hot gay stories from the author of the Gay Odyssey series.SLEEPOVER BOY:Jason wants to be a writer and he reckons he needs to draw on his own life experience for his stories. However there are surprises along the way such as when he goes on sleepovers with supposedly straight boys from his school.“After the TV snacks had been consumed and the latest DVDs watched it was up to the boy’s bedroom to bed down for the night. This usually led to them examining each other’s bodies – one straight friend of Jason’s, Bobby Bainbridge told him through giggles that it would help with his biology class.”BOY TRACKS:Young Glenn Grosvenor is a budding filmmaker who lives on his family’s farm in outback Australia. He is ecstatic when the local cinema decides to screen a classic gay movie. Sitting in the front row and getting caught up in the action, he wonders if he can get away with masturbating in the darkness. He is astonished when a dark shape slips into the seat beside him and offers him a helping hand.Later on Glenn wonders how he can use his filmmaking skills to save the family farm from going bankrupt. He also tries to work out how he can protect his cute Aboriginal boyfriend from getting caught up in a mysterious and possibly dangerous initiation rite.SAUNA BOY:Young Bradley is painfully naïve about gay sex, or any kind of sex for that matter. His dad is a lay preacher in the local Baptist Church and he’s put plenty of filters on his son’s outmoded computer. Of course Bradley has heard his friends talking about sex but in his heart of hearts he knows that’s not really knowing about sex.And then everything starts to change. Bradley’s father decides to send him on a boy scouts’ camping expedition. This is bound to make ‘a man’ of him. Little does the lay preacher know that it will certainly make a committed wanker of his son.Bradley and his best friend Brendan become wanking partners and they take every opportunity to give each other a helping hand. Whilst Brendan wants them to be proper boyfriends Bradley maintains he’s not gay. Not really. Brendan reckons he’s in denial.ABOUT THE AUTHOR: Kevin Armstrong has worked extensively in theatre and film and television in Asia and the Land Down Under. He also teaches writing skills in universities and international schools. A chronic traveller, Kevin is often to be found raconteuring in bars from Sydney to Singapore.Approximately 82,000 words.