Grandpa Charlie The Untold Story of Whitey Bulger Kindle Edition|by Douglas Layton (Author) Format: Kindle Edition|Read the following excerpt of the foreword by the woman who inspired “Murder She Wrote”“The facts will shock you!”Grandpa Charlie is no typical “gangster novel” but a compelling journey into the corruption that permeates many of our government institutions and into the life of one of the most captivating men of our times — James “Whitey” Bulger. This book will make you question what you know about this man and re-think preconceived notions concerning the US government and many of its agencies.Douglas Layton is a masterful storyteller and has raised compelling questions that cannot be ignored. He has befriended Presidents and Prime Ministers and interacted with CIA agents and high-ranking military and embassy officials the world over.Whitey Bulger has been called the most hated man in America. Many books have touched on the corruption that made Whitey who he was — especially the complicity of the FBI. But none has delved into the depths of government collusion in the way Layton does in this book. The facts will shock you!Most crucially, this book asks, “Was justice served in the case of “The United States of America v. James J. Bulger?” In the end, you may still hate Whitey Bulger for all of his crimes he committed, but after reading this book, you will never look at him or the US Government the same way again.Grandpa Charlieis one of the most compelling stories I have ever read. What makes it most amazing is that it is based entirely on fact. That is until Layton departs at the end to a most believable and compelling tale of what could well have been the end of Bulger’s life saga. We all know he was sentenced to incarceration for life in 2013. This book probes what may have happened had Whitey been his usual vigilant self on the day he was captured. Considering that he was found with over thirty weapons in his apartment and nearly one million dollars in cash it is doubtful he planned a peaceful surrender. As Whitey himself said, “You would never have caught me if I had been on my game.”Virginia SnyderPrivate InvestigatorDelray Beach, Florida