Janey and the Miniatures: The Story of an Abandoned Cat and Her Kittens (The Accidental Orphanage) Kindle Edition|by Heath White (Author) Format: Kindle Edition|*** This is highly illustrated book in which the photographs and text have to be viewed together. Because of this, it has been prepared as a fixed-layout ebook based on the printed paperback. It is best viewed on a larger screen, such as a tablet or computer. It is not suitable for a phone app. Should you wish to purchase the paperback, the ISBN of the print edition is: 978 0 9870444 4 0 ***A great story for adults; a great read-aloud for childrenMatthew and Heath live at Hwits End, an 18 acre homestead beside a river. Over the years they have lived there, a number of cats have arrived and made their homes there too. In July 2022 there are 10 felines living in the various homes on the property. Then August brings a tiny tortoiseshell with startlingly asymmetrical markings on her face, and she is clearly desperately hungry. Matthew does not like cats much but he can’t bear to see any creature go hungry, so he feeds her. This is the start of an adventure with a heart wrenching twist.Matthew names the tortoiseshell Janey, an adaptation of Janus, because her markings make her look like she has two faces. Janey soon brings her friend Snow Leopard, a brown and white fluffy tabby. Matthew isn't happy about having Janey and Snow Leopard move in because there are already "too many cats" in the house, but when cats decide to move in humans don't have much choice. He is happy, however that Janey is no longer starving and is starting to fill out. Then he's given the news: she's not just filling out — she's expecting kittens. He is horrified and proclaims that any kittens for which homes cannot be found will have to go to a nearby animal shelter.In November the kittens arrive, and Matthew gets to know cats in a way he has never before experienced. The kitten-fairies start working their magic and Matthew becomes a person he never thought he'd be.The Miniatures' story began on Facebook. Heath shared pictures in the hope that smitten friends would offer to adopt the kittens. This didn't really work out, but it did create an international community that eagerly looked forward to each day's posting of the Hwits End Miniatures' activities. People from Australia, Africa, Europe and the USA followed their adventures, and one fan reported how much fun he and his six-year-old granddaughter had reading the daily #HwitsEndMiniatures news together.For this reason, Janey and the Miniatures is set out for enjoyment by anyone at any age. The narrative is a great story for adult enjoyment or to be read aloud to children or grandchildren, while the photo captions tell the story in a manner simple enough for a young person to read alone.The story of Janey and her kittens is illustrated with over 400 photographs of the Hwits End Kitties, their human and canine family, and their environment. The story follows their early months in detail, the tragedy that strikes at Christmas, how it is overcome, and includes short chapters on their forever homes after they leave Hwits End.