Lessons Learned: From the Short Stories of My Life Kindle Edition|by Laurie Koss (Author) Format: Kindle Edition|Everyone has a story. Laurie Koss has five hundred and fifteen.In her page-turning debut book, the award-winning Canadian artist has crafted a memoir like no other. Each page of Lessons Learned is a single story concluding with a thought-provoking quote.Perfect for today’s busy lifestyle, Lessons Learned is unique because the reader can choose to enjoy the stories chronologically like a novel, flip to a random page to uncover which lesson they chance upon, or read one-story-per-day for a daily dose of inspiration.The quotes that complete each story originate from diverse literary, cultural, and historical sources. They make Lessons Learned a one-of-a-kind experience as the reader is encouraged to take a moment at the end of each page to ponder the lesson or have a laugh.Koss’ childhood stories begin in 1960’s Vancouver, B.C., with topics spanning from her budding interest in art to her keen intuition and family ghost stories to the tumultuous family dynamics created by a loving but alcoholic parent. With each story—and each life lesson learned—readers witness the coming-of-age and self-discovery of a young artist determined to create the life she dreams of living.But life rarely goes as smoothly as we plan. Following the dips and successes of her romantic life, family, and career, Koss also illustrates the unexpected heartache of a life-altering illness and ongoing struggles with friendships—and the spiritual growth that can arise when we’re open to learning from these experiences.Offering a blend of introspection, vulnerability, and creativity, Koss brings to life universal experiences that connect us all, interspersed by unique and often hilarious “Only Me” moments.Koss’ storytelling takes the reader on an unforgettable journey from 1960s hippies to the 2020 pandemic. Her tales are a time portal to various eras and a reminder that we, too, have stories and history worth sharing. Story by story, quote by quote, Laurie Koss entertains with self-effacing humour, compassion, and insight, proving there is a lesson to be learned in every moment life offers.Lessons Learned is a collection of short stories to treasure, savour, and share with loved ones. It is sure to become a must-read for those seeking a refreshing, laugh-out-loud, heartfelt, and entertaining book.What You’ll Discover Inside:Family and FriendshipPopular CultureThe UnexplainableMarried Life & ParentingOvercoming ChallengesAchieving GoalsTrusting IntuitionFinding Meaning in LifeOver 500 thought-provoking quotesPraise for Lessons Learned:“What a beautiful and insightful memoir. I loved every minute I spent with it.”— Lisa Peterson“I thoroughly enjoyed Lessons Learned from start to finish! I loved the one-page story format and how the quotes “put a bow” on each page. I can’t think of anyone this book wouldn’t appeal to!”— Holly Bobyn“I loved the flow, the insights, the story-telling, and the descriptors in Lessons Learned. Words that came to mind while reading were: brave, vulnerable, joyful, uplifting, funny, and raw—just to name a few.”— Michele Morris“I loved many things about Lessons Learned—especially the fact that each page is a story in itself. Laurie describes situations vividly, and I felt like I was right there with her! The quotes she chose were so appropriate and amazing. I found the book easy to read and each story made me feel like I wanted more!”— Maureen Murray“It is a rare treat to read such a revealing book! Laurie describes her life’s lessons so openly and honestly. I felt the pain of her tough lessons and laughed along with her at the joyful ones. She truly has a gift for writing, and it made her book such a pleasure to read.” — Lynn Sparling