SKIP THE PAIN, EXPERIENCE THE PLEASURE: Cut the Crap that's Holding You Back so You Can Live the Life You Love Kindle Edition|by Christa Rose (Author) Format: Kindle Edition|Have you ever had that feeling that life has pulled the rug out from under you? And while you’re busy wondering how hard you’re going to land, some invisible force has already rolled you up like a burrito on Taco Tuesday with a bonus of extra spicy hot sauce just to really turn up the heat?You are not alone; Christa has been there too, and it was from the defining moment of experiencing a crisis (or two) that this honest and inspirational book was born. In Skip the Pain, Experience the Pleasure: Cut the Crap that’s Holding You Back So You Can Live the Life You Love Christa shares a new paradigm of thinking based on her own experience of finding resilience in the face of pain and tragedy.Part personal memoir and part self-awareness guide, this is not your regular “new age woo woo” book. Prepare to be swept off your feet and taken on a journey that will have you gasping in awe and rolling with laughter. Step into Christa’s world as she unveils her secret formula for becoming resilient through the trials of life. It’s quick, easy to read, and full of life-changing insight. Hold on tight as she bares her soul in this jaw-dropping, heart-pounding book that will leave you on the edge of your seat.As Christa reveals her deepest struggles and scars—a devastating car accident, becoming a widow at the age of 24, and battling a chronic illness—she also explains how, in her darkest moments, she found the light. Through her inspirational story you will learn how to find your way through the shadows, and begin your own journey of recovery and healing. This unique book is packed with practical tools and strategies to inspire a new way of living, where you discover your purpose, achieve your goals, and sharpen your awareness to create your best life.Christa’s unique approach to overcoming tragedies will inspire you on your own path to self-awareness and purpose. You will discover that clinging to the past is utterly pointless and to move forward and live the life you love, you must learn to let go. As you begin to smash the mask that hides your insecurities, the more you’ll feel like a rock star with confidence, and the more you’ll realise that your identity is not your job, your role in your family, or your diagnosis.If you are ready to move beyond the pain, and are up for an adventure that will leave you breathless, laughing, and inspired, then this is the must-read book of your dreams. Come along on this journey to Skip the Pain, Experience the Pleasure and don’t just exist, live life to the fullest. Let Christa’s story inspire your own journey from tragedy and pain to recovery and resilience.Because let’s be honest—we only have one life to live, and who doesn’t want to cut the crap that’s holding you back so you can live the life you love?