That Bear Ate My Pants: A Comedy Memoir... with Teeth and Claws! Kindle Edition|by Tony James Slater (Author) Format: Kindle Edition|**THE AMAZON #1 MEMOIR, #1 HUMOR AND #1 TRAVEL BESTSELLER**There comes a time in every man’s life when he says to himself, "Good grief! I’m about to be eaten by a bear!"24-year-old Englishman Tony James Slater went to Ecuador, determined to become a real man.It never occurred to him that 'or die trying' might be an option…The trouble with volunteering in a South American animal refuge is that everything wants a piece of you. And the trouble with being Tony, is that most of them got one.Just how do you 'look after' something that’s trying it’s damnedest to kill you and eat you?And how do you find love when you a) don’t speak the language, and b) are constantly covered in excrement and entrails?If only he’d had some relevant experience. Other than owning a pet rabbit when he was nine. And if only he’d bought some travel insurance...That Bear Ate My Pants is the incredible TRUE story of one man's struggle to survive in an Ecuadorian animal refuge. Whether losing a machete fight with a tree, picking dead tarantulas out of a tank of live ones or sewing the head back on to a partially decapitated crocodile, Tony’s misadventures are ridiculous, unbelievable and always entertaining.If you love animals, you’ll adore this hilarious and heart-warming tale of big cats, monkeys, and the humans that try to rescue them.And if you want to know why That Bear Ate My Pants… you'll just have to grab your copy and start reading!**Please note: This book contains cursing. It's kind of unavoidable when you're being mauled by a jaguar… but please don't read if this offends you.**What readers are saying about That Bear Ate My Pants!"…I laughed so hard I was screaming…""…move over Bill Bryson, there's a new talent on the block…""…Warning, do not read this book in a public place!""…witty, delightful, heart-rending, and just all-round enjoyable in every respect."“…I am much more into mysteries and paranormal type stuff, but this has got to be one of the best books I have ever read!”"…touching, tender, always funny, I laughed out loud, almost peed myself, and cried…""…I've recommended it to everyone I know. Now I'm recommending it to people I don't know!""…when I finished the book I actually shed a few tears because I was so sorry the story had ended…"“Just read it. You won't find a story like it.”