The Physics Book: Big Ideas Simply Explained (DK Big Ideas) Kindle Edition|by DK (Author), Jim Al-Khalili (Foreword) Format: Kindle Edition|Learn about the Big Bang theory, astrophysics and gravity in The Physics Book.Part of the fascinating Big Ideas series, this book tackles tricky topics and themes in a simple and easy to follow format. Learn about Physics in this overview guide to the subject, brilliant for beginners looking to learn and experts wishing to refresh their knowledge alike! The Physics Book brings a fresh and vibrant take on the topic through eye-catching graphics and diagrams to immerse yourself in.This captivating book will broaden your understanding of physics, with:- More than 100 ground-breaking ideas in this field of science- Packed with facts, charts, timelines and graphs to help explain core concepts- A visual approach to big subjects with striking illustrations and graphics throughout- Easy to follow text makes topics accessible for people at any level of understandingThe Physics Book is the perfect introduction to the science, aimed at adults with an interest in the subject and students wanting to gain more of an overview. Here you'll discover more than 90 of the most important laws and theories in the history of physics and the great minds behind them. If you've ever wondered exactly how physicists formulated and proved groundbreaking abstract concepts, this is the perfect book for you.Your Physics Questions, Simply ExplainedHow do magnets generate electricity? What is antimatter? Is time travel possible? If you thought it was difficult to learn the many laws and concepts of physics, The Physics Book presents key information in a clear layout. Learn about Pythagoras's observations on music, Galileo's experiments with spheres and Isaac Newton's theories of gravity and laws of motion with superb mind maps and step-by-step summaries.The Big Ideas SeriesWith millions of copies sold worldwide, The Physics Book is part of the award-winning Big Ideas series from DK. The series uses striking graphics along with engaging writing, making big topics easy to understand.