Travis Kelce: The Inspiring Story of One of Football's Star Tight Ends (Football Biography Books) Kindle Edition|by Clayton Geoffreys (Author) Format: Kindle Edition|Learn the Inspiring Story of the Kansas City Chiefs' Star Tight End, Travis Kelce!Read on your PC, Mac, smartphone, tablet or Kindle device! One of many riveting reads in the Football Biography Books series by Clayton Geoffreys.In Travis Kelce: The Inspiring Story of One of Football's Star Tight Ends, you'll read about the inspirational story of football’s star, Travis Kelce. Picked by the Kansas City Chiefs in the third round of the 2013 NFL Draft, Kelce has had a successful career since then. From 2015 to 2022, he was named to eight consecutive Pro Bowls. In his seventh year playing with the same team, he went on to win his first Super Bowl, establishing himself as one of NFL's premier tight ends. He then won another Super Bowl title in the 2022-23 season.Travis Kelce has also received multiple All-Pro selections and set many NFL milestones. Among these milestones include the most consecutive and most overall seasons with 1,000 yards receiving by a tight end with seven and the fifth player in NFL history to attain the milestone of 10,000 career receiving yards.Pick up this unauthorized football biography today to learn the inspiring story behind star football tight ends, Travis Kelce! This is the perfect football chapter book for sports fans of all ages.This football book explores what makes Travis Kelce great, and what we can learn from his hard work.Here is a preview of what is inside this Travis Kelce book:Chapter 1: Childhood & Early YearsChapter 2: High SchoolChapter 3: College CareerChapter 4: Pro Career: Young Struggles, Stardom, A New Gunslinger in Town, Champions, The Rise of a Dynasty, and Another RunChapter 5: Personal LifeChapter 6: LegacyAn excerpt from this Travis Kelce biography:The tight end position has changed more than any other over the course of the history of the NFL. When the league first started, it wasn’t really even a position. What we know of today as the wide receiver lined up in the spot usually occupied by the tight end, and it was just called an end because it was on the end of the line.But as the forward pass became more popular, the wide receiver left the offensive line and moved further away. A new position was created called the tight end. It was used primarily for blocking purposes. And for decades, that was the only job of the tight end.In the 1960s, Mike Ditka changed the position. He showed that tight ends could be viable receiving options. Tight ends could create matchup nightmares for defenses. If you try to cover them with a linebacker, a good tight end will use his speed and run past the backer. If you try to cover them with a safety or cornerback, tight ends could use their physical stature and box out the smaller defensive back.Did you enjoy this excerpt?If so, be sure to pick up a copy of this football biography book on Travis Kelce today! This is just one of many football biographies by Clayton Geoffreys.Also, be sure to check out Clayton's biography on Patrick Mahomes or George Kittle after you finish this one.